= TotalSpaces2 - Ruby API bindings for TotalSpaces2 from BinaryAge

== PRERELEASE: You will be able to use the API with versions 2.1 and above of totalspaces.

This gem enables you to get information from and to control {TotalSpaces2}[link:http://totalspaces.binaryage.com]

It is the officially supported way of using the API library libtotalspaces2api, and the required dylib 
comes bundled with this gem. This gem uses {Ruby-FFI}[link:https://github.com/ffi/ffi] to call the functions in the dylib.
You'll need a sane ruby and compilation environment to install ruby-ffi - it probably won't install immediately with the
ruby that comes with Mavericks because none of the compilation tools are present. We use {homebrew}[link:http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/]
and {rbenv}[link:https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv/] to manage our ruby scripting environment.

You may use this gem in various ways. For instance, you could:

* Display a message or alert when a particular space is moved to

* Automatically change the name of spaces depending on what apps are in them

* Record which spaces certain windows are on, and restoring those windows to those spaces when the owning app restarts

* Trigger moving certain windows between spaces

API support, and support for this gem starts with TotalSpaces2 v2.0.12 The API is a premium feature,
and will only work with registered versions of TotalSpaces2.

== Download and installation

The latest version of the TotalSpaces2 gem can be installed with RubyGems:

  % [sudo] gem install totalspaces2

Source code can be downloaded on GitHub

* https://github.com/binaryage/totalspaces2-api


== Documentation

{module TotalSpaces2}[link:http://binaryage.github.io/totalspaces2-api/ruby/rdoc/TotalSpaces2.html]

== Examples
   require 'totalspaces2'
   
   TotalSpaces.on_space_change {|from, to| puts "Moving from space #{from} to space #{to}";}

   TotalSpaces.move_to_space(1)

   current_space = TotalSpaces.current_space
   puts "Current space number: #{current_space}"
   puts "Current space is called: #{TotalSpaces.name_for_space(current_space)}"

   TotalSpaces.set_name_for_space(1, "Home")

== License

The TotalSpaces2 gem is released under the MIT license:

* http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT

The source code of the dylib is not available at this time.


== Support and feature requests

* http://discuss.binaryage.com
